updated SignalFX migration guide (#183)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java: MIGRATING.MD

The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation replaces the
[SignalFx Java Agent](https://github.com/signalfx/signalfx-java-tracing).
If you're using the SignalFx Java Agent, migrate to the Splunk Distribution of
OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation.

> The distribution uses [OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation) 
> to instrument applications, which in open-source, robust and has a smaller memory footprint.

Reviewer: Nitpicking a bit, but how about

```suggestion
The Splunk distribution is based on the [OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation):
an open-source, robust project that uses OpenTelemetry API and has a smaller memory
footprint than the SignalFx Java Agent.
```

Author: Quite good actually 👍

> ## Tracing data

Reviewer: Hmm, how about `Telemetry changes`?

Author: The idea is to have a separate section describing the data (perhaps extended with a table comparing main differences). But will change to "Telemetry data" as it sounds better.

Follow these steps to migrate from the SignalFx Java Agent to the Splunk
distribution of Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation:

1. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases/latest/download/splunk-otel-javaagent-all.jar)
   of the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation. For example use: 
   ```bash
   $ # download the newest version of the agent
   $ sudo curl -vsSL -o splunk-otel-javaagent-all.jar 'https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases/latest/download/splunk-otel-javaagent-all.jar'
   ```
2. Set the service name. This is how you can identify the service in Splunk APM.

>    Example how you can set it with an environment variable with a
>    service name of `yourServiceName` with environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, you can set the service name using an environment variable:
```

Author: It goes like "an example how to do it this... or this... way". So I prefer "This is an example" rather "for example". But will add an article as it is missing now (in both cases).

   ```bash
   $ EXPORT OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES=service.name=my-java-app
   ```

>    or with system property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   or a system property:
```

   ```
   -Dotel.resource.attributes=service.name=my-java-app
   ```
3. Specify the endpoint of the SignalFx Smart Agent or OpenTelemetry Collector
   you're exporting traces to. You can set the endpoint with a system property

>    or environment variable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   or an environment variable. 
```

Author: Done.

>    Example how you can set it with an environment variable with an endpoint of `http://yourEndpoint:9080/v1/trace`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Assuming your endpoint is `http://yourEndpoint:9080/v1/trace`, this is how you set it with an environment variable:
```

Author: Done as with the previous one.

   ```
   $ EXPORT OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT="http://yourEndpoint:9080/v1/trace"
   ```

>    or with system property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   or a system property:
```

Author: +1

### Configuration setting changes

These SignalFx Java Agent system properties correspond to the following

> OpenTelemetry system properties (NOTE: for exporter - specific properties we use `jaeger` as an example):

Reviewer: Should we even mention other exporters when jaeger is the default?

Author: I think so - if the customer selects other exporter suggested config change `SIGNALFX_ENDPOINT_URL` ->|`OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT` will not work.

| SignalFx system property | OpenTelemetry system property |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------- |
| `signalfx.service.name` | `otel.resource.attributes=service.name=<name of the service>` |

> | `signalfx.env` | `otel.resource.attributes=deployment.environment=<name of the environment>` |

Reviewer: Please add a footnote explaining that when setting both you need to merge them into a single env var/property

Author: Makes sense.

| `signalfx.endpoint.url` | `otel.exporter.jaeger.endpoint` |
| `signalfx.tracing.enabled` | `otel.javaagent.enabled` |

> | `signalfx.integration.<name>.enabled=false` | `otel.instrumentation.[id].enabled=false` | 

Reviewer: Should we keep the template <name> the same on both sides?

```suggestion
| `signalfx.integration.<name>.enabled=false` | `otel.instrumentation.<name>.enabled=false` | 
```

Author: In OTEL instrumentation it's called "instrumentation ID" so let's stay coherent here.

| `signalfx.span.tags` | `otel.resource.attributes=<comma separated key=value pairs>` |
| `signalfx.trace.annotated.method.blacklist` | `otel.trace.annotated.methods.exclude` |
| `signalfx.trace.methods` | `otel.trace.methods` |
| `signalfx.server.timing.context` | `splunk.context.server-timing.enabled` |

> Additional info about disabling a particular instrumentations can be found in the [OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation docs](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/blob/main/docs/suppressing-instrumentation.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional info about disabling a particular instrumentations can be found in the [OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation docs](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/blob/main/docs/suppressing-instrumentation.md).
```

Author: Heh xD

These SignalFx Java Agent environment variables correspond to the following
OpenTelemetry environment variables:

| SignalFx environment variable | OpenTelemetry environment variable |
| ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |

> | `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME` | `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES=service.name=my-java-app` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME` | `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES=service.name=<name of the service>` |
```

Author: +1

| `SIGNALFX_ENV` | `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES=deployment.environment=<name of the environment>` |
| `SIGNALFX_ENDPOINT_URL` |`OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT` |
| `SIGNALFX_TRACING_ENABLED` | `OTEL_JAVAAGENT_ENABLED` |

> | `SIGNALFX_INTEGRATION_<name>_ENABLED=false` | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_[id]_ENABLED=false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SIGNALFX_INTEGRATION_<name>_ENABLED=false` | `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_<name>_ENABLED=false` |
```

Author: Due to https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/blob/main/docs/suppressing-instrumentation.md I'll stay with ID.

| `SIGNALFX_SPAN_TAGS` | `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` |
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_ANNOTATED_METHOD_BLACKLIST` | `OTEL_TRACE_ANNOTATED_METHODS_EXCLUDE` |
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_METHODS` | `OTEL_TRACE_METHODS` |

> | `SIGNALFX_SERVER_TIMING_CONTEXT` | `SPLUNK_CONTEXT_SERVER-TIMING_ENABLED` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SIGNALFX_SERVER_TIMING_CONTEXT` | `SPLUNK_CONTEXT_SERVER_TIMING_ENABLED` |
```

Author: +1
